chore(macros): Remove SectionOnPage macro usage (#23059)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnection/remotedescription/index.md

{{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.pendingRemoteDescription")}} if that property isn't
`null`; otherwise, the value of
{{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.currentRemoteDescription")}} is returned. See

> the [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) section for details on this algorithm and why it's used.

Reviewer: As above.

> the [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) section for details on this algorithm and why it's used.

Author: ```suggestion
[Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) in the WebRTC Connectivity page for details on this algorithm and why it's used.
```

> [WebRTC connectivity, Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) for details on this algorithm and why it's used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the [Pending and current descriptions](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Connectivity#pending_and_current_descriptions) section for details on this algorithm and why it's used.
```
